Examples for custom controllers (#638)
api-platform/docs: core/pagination.md

```

Please note that this parameter will always be forced to false when the resource have composite keys due to a [bug in doctrine](https://github.com/doctrine/doctrine2/issues/2910)

## Custom Controller Action

> In case you're using a custom controller action make sure you return the Paginator object to get the full hydra response with hydra:view (which contains information about first, last, next and previous page). The following examples show how to handle it within a service method which is called in the controller. You will need to use the Doctrine Paginator and pass it to the ApiPlatform Paginator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you're using a custom controller action make sure you return the `Paginator` object to get the full hydra response with `hydra:view` (which contains information about first, last, next and previous page). The following examples show how to handle it within a service method which is called in the controller. You will need to use the Doctrine Paginator and pass it to the API Platform Paginator.
```

First example:

```php
<?php

//src/Service/Book/BookService.php

namespace App\Service\Book;

use App\Entity\Book;
use App\Entity\User;
use Doctrine\ORM\EntityManagerInterface;
use Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Authentication\Token\Storage\TokenStorageInterface;
use Doctrine\ORM\Tools\Pagination\Paginator as DoctrinePaginator;
use ApiPlatform\Core\Bridge\Doctrine\Orm\Paginator;
use Doctrine\Common\Collections\Criteria;

> class BookService

Reviewer: Could be the `BookRepository` directly right?

Author: Sure.

    
    public function getBooksByFavoriteAuthor(int $page = 1): Paginator
    {
        $firstResult = ($page -1) * self::ITEMS_PER_PAGE;
        
        $user = $this->tokenStorage->getToken()->getUser();
        $queryBuilder = $this->entityManager->createQueryBuilder();
        $queryBuilder->select('b')
            ->from(Book::class, 'b')
            ->where('b.author = :author')
            ->setParameter('author', $user->getFavoriteAuthor()->getId())
            ->andWhere('b.publicatedOn IS NOT NULL');

        $criteria = Criteria::create()
            ->setFirstResult($firstResult)
            ->setMaxResults(self::ITEMS_PER_PAGE);
        $queryBuilder->addCriteria($criteria);

        $doctrinePaginator = new DoctrinePaginator($queryBuilder);
        $paginator = new Paginator($doctrinePaginator);

        return $paginator;
    }
}
```
The Controller would look like this:

```php
<?php

// src/Controller/Book/GetBooksByFavoriteAuthorAction.php

namespace App\Controller\Book;

use ApiPlatform\Core\Bridge\Doctrine\Orm\Paginator;
use App\Service\Book\BookService;
use Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Controller\Controller;
use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request;

> class GetBooksByFavoriteAuthorAction extends Controller

Reviewer: Should be `AbstractController` IIRC

{
    public function __invoke(Request $request, BookService $bookService): Paginator
    {

>         $page = (int)$request->query->get('page', 1);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $page = (int) $request->query->get('page', 1);
```
